yeah so that's that's because we did if
you is he has damage for his back legs
only which means he can die with all the
health of his back legs still on if you
destroy his head or his torso he can't
get along very well without those can
here right so we've killed while the two
bosses we're now going to have a quick
transition because I went and saved it
in stone
what's a huge loss but firstly we were
going to see something that seems to
have been leave it into the game just to
annoy me because I use that roast
chicken
rather than using a roast beef like I
probably should have done you say he
covers Skelly bones here on his
motorbike all he is going to give us a
fucking roast beef you bastard
Jesus any other time that would have
been great but no fuck that anyway we've
skipped out the savings so now we're
going to walk headfirst into another
cutscene this is a character specific
boss battle with Reinhard it would have
been Rosa here
however the carries on significantly
sillier encrease oh I have your presence
have you considered you answer check
your feet ah but the sight of your
impudent phase tells me all I will
destroy Dracula with my impudent vase
I'll headbutt him oppose me and I must
kill you too you have power girl but
your opponent today is not me hoho its
Oprah Oh God
we're doomed it's there's a save
Christie you to see through the wall by
the way it's the one near the entrance
it's a character who doesn't even have a
name in fact she never gets a name it's
quite pathetic we were supposed to
realise how mean Dracula is because of
this character but we don't know her
who I sent some power to match my own
well that narrows it down to everyone
she was a fernandes to a warrior who
came to fight the Dark Lord
slowly hovering forward that's one of
her powers we took her alive and made
her a vampire even the incompetence of
this outfit she must be pretty bad what
are you saying
yeah they obviously sent them in reverse
order of competence she had great spirit
and smuggled mightily against the curse
although it didn't help that she had a
million fucking purifying zyre but now
she is holy a vampire desperate for
blood there's blood demons upstairs you
know shut up
ah what joy two cousins fighting to the
death oh ho oh god nosebleed yes he has
problems with those okay so this is
Fernandes warrior yes she never gets a
name even in one of Carey's
endings where Carrie mentions her boy
what would technically be her name she
says Fernandes warrior so we have some
problems I've had to carry doesn't know
her own cousin's name that doesn't
surprise me
so which cousin of mine are you anyway
I'm cousin Cletus your ever I used to
like to dress up in moms clothes oh yeah
yeah now all-powerful I can throw these
bolts live from three bolts you don't
throw what boat granted you both spit
bigger mind that you can't dodge all
three volts he's not the only ass do my
twirly thing that frees you who actually
hit you with a bloody stamp - she can
tell you - vampire however the look
shows 100% chance these don't even final
Dracula second anniversary she has a
fairly high chance of it though no she
doesn't
after she freezes you but we don't get
turned into a vampire in this battle
it's a no it's a absolutely bugger to
dodge all the attacks here at once
because they require completely
different evasion taking
she usually can't manage the stack and
the game doesn't care but the fact is
they do so little damage that it doesn't
keep matter you can just take all the
hit you like here if I take longer if
you carry you stop running away from our
boats I took me ages learn how to throw
them folks it's up throwing stuff with
that goddamn steroid arm of yours girl
Jesus
you should stop working out honestly
it's not feminine you're lecturing me on
what's feminine that's not on die now
okay so we have defeated Fernandes
warrior through the successful technique
of running in circles and getting hit a
lot is she gonna get the last line
perhaps I don't be stupid of course
company on the last line instead she's
going to what is she the death star
as you just sort of vanishes
anticlimactically now and there she goes
doesn't even leave anything behind you
think we get a little trinket or keifa
that's at least but no alas I could not
save you
maybe I should have tried when I
destroyed Acula you will meet my mother
in heaven is that how Souls work good
night we're gonna need to dig ourselves
a Bible out of that library and figure
out just how the hell the kingdom of
ever works in this universe okay you
don't have a soul but when you destroy
Dracula you get it back that's awesome
right anyway we have now defeated the
other boss of this level and that means
we are out of this level array until I
have to do it again his right heart now
what I'm thinking or for that
playthrough is basically I am going to
be doing only the character specific
parts and a couple of the major parts
right on because basically I don't think
you want to watch forest of silence
every time first time so she changes
legacy of Darkness so you're gonna see
that again but I don't see why you would
see all this crap as Reinhard again
really it isn't that fascinating anyway
we're gonna kill these two guys largely
because I've wrapped myself right the
fuck down on that red gems we're
throwing axes and those two bosses but
there's nothing really requires that
much the way of acting in the next
levels which is fortunate because we
can't do it if there was we can't we
couldn't couldn't Texas boy tenses
anyway so I'll gather up some red jewels
and then we can depress the button tower
it's a tower that's full of science and
this is that other hazardous material
what is it doing there why do you want
to drop off mandragora here all the
fucking places nobody knows nobody knows
nobody
blowing button millions of years ago the
mechanism to operate the elevators you
will operate the elevator where he is
they do powerful magic is operating the
elevator I thank you so is the
technology above it the property would
work the whole time as the last thing
enormous machine we don't know what it
does we don't want it makes but it's
obviously gonna be something which I bet
it makes like my steps and leather yeah
that's what it does
alright so we're up in this sort of cage
elevator thingy and now we can go we can
go over there that's fuel tower that's
Rinehart's one of the bridges is always
broken here so there is a white jewel
will you save up to this point
yes well right that's it I've been evil
timid join us next time for tower of
sorcery and tower of science
good bye